Add details about new workflow to add files in .semgrepignore through App (#799)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: src/components/procedure/_remove-rule.mdx

4. Click **Save**.

:::info
- Individual rules within rulesets can only be disabled, not deleted. To disable an individual rule in **[Rule board](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/board)**, click the <i class="fa-light fa-toggle-large-on"></i> toggle to disable the rule.
- When you remove a rule from the Rule Board, all associated findings on Findings page and Dashboard page are removed also.
:::

You can also remove a rule on the Findings page, to do so, follow these steps:

> 1. On the Semgrep App [Findings](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/findings?tab=open) page.

Reviewer: I think this needs a verb. Maybe “Start on the…”?

Author: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Semgrep App [Findings](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/findings?tab=open) page.
```
